antec foxygen soccer port calm halftime
here at alpine village of the croatia
georgia game another disappointing have
for Croatia down one nil I'm here with
the pride of Peru evo Madonna vich we
met him in San Francisco evil you came
all the way down from San Francisco to
LA for this game what are your thoughts
at halftime right now okay i woke up at
5am so i was expecting a good match what
can i say stinks bring plus inching and
forget about the rest buncha get out and
I don't know I don't know what to do
with this what the thing about this game
is is it is it too early to bring in
classes she only averages 20 you know 25
minutes a game you can't bring him on
for 45 minutes I know that's ringing for
30 minutes I don't know but something
has to be done I mean the team is
playing horribly and I don't know I just
hope in to get wasted and see what
happen I see I you tell me you smoke
only when you're nervous on a scale of
one to ten how nervous are you for Kroy
so that we don't get the three points
here this point of here I'm going to
smoke a whole package shown I don't know
hopefully it's just going to be for a
half time at the end of the game I'm
just gonna stop smoking and you know I
hope it's going to be good at the game
hope nothing you lose we'll see what our
boys can do remember CSR is a pro
smoking website aunt the Christian
soccer port come here from alpine
village with the beautiful crystal and
audrianna girls disappointing 1st half
one nothing crushes down thoughts and
how are we going to do in the second
half we're gonna come through definitely
coming back in the second half
definitely feel like my man pettish each
is gonna score a goal for sure for the
first one then yell of each my little
Ranger boy yeah they're gonna do this
2121 crazy chef not three yes sudden I
might come up with one too definitely
we're coming back well you heard it here
first a girl say 2-1 3-1 win with our
boys pettish hitch in yella bitch let's
see what happens in the second half
you
croatia defeats georgia 21 from polio
italian in split i'm here with csr zone
dennis vintage thoughts on the game my
friend well first i'd like to thank
everyone for showing up 40 45 people are
so on a friday on a work day i like to
thank everyone for showing up it's
growing here at alpine village for all
of you thank you for all of you that
missed out today in september-october i
definitely encourage you to come by and
support your team we started off slow we
went into halftime down one nil on a on
George's only shot of the game they did
this to us twice already two times in a
row however we got mine jock itch and
colin is going goals within three
minutes after doing a vision and class
niche come in beautiful substitution
some village Thank You village what if
they say about the second half hi
predicted 20 for Croatia I did predict
Mandzukic to score a goal we were
talking about magic each ten minutes
before he scored we were saying that I
was saying that he can't score unless
he's 223 yards from the goal and it's
true most of his goals were right there
within a few yards from the goal either
Heather headers or or just touches in
front of you Solich goals my thoughts on
the second half a powerful substitution
the second half do move each and I do
Malaysian class teach both involved in
the equalizing goal I don't know why the
koi which is still starting we just even
though we won we hit the post three
times there's just no life there's no
there's no heartbeat in the team at all
like we're just we're waiting it looked
like us playing on our first game
against Santa Roger we're just waiting
for someone to make something happen
instead of moving without the ball
that's what we have to work on I mean to
get to come from behind at home against
against Georgia is just it's
unacceptable
after here with csr insider Fran ashore
she showed up at half-time our UCS ours
and Croatia's a good luck charm I
believe I was today if not all the time
tell me about this jersey aware and this
is not a senior jersey you got a little
u21 patch over here tell us about that
and who you getting these jerseys from
my contact and splits names evita very
nice man I'm fortunate to have such a
contact and friend and this is an
under-21 warned last year by also beach
one of our players and yeah I like to
represent you know very colorful and I'm
very proud to be correct very nice fit
on a moving to the international side
you missed the first half you know we
were down one nothing tell us about your
experience watching the second half here
at alpine village you know knowing that
we were down I was very nervous coming
here I was driving about 90 miles an
hour I wanted to come and get a
bratwurst but you know we pulled through
in the second half wasn't pretty we look
really sluggish we don't look like we
have a lot of energy like a comrade said
that you know we just don't have that
heartbeat you know that fiery you know
spark that we use once hat so looking
for us to hopefully get that back into
rhythm and playing like we know how
who's your been a mesh madatha match I'd
say Eduardo you know I just love that
cute little Brazilian guy saw dark and
just potent force on the soccer pitch
it's always a fan of him when he's
playing at Arsenal and you know I'm a
fan of his now ladies Herman Madonna
shortage thank you very much fun honor
after the game back here with put
McKenna not ce o--'s evo me out of it
she was very nervous at halftime down
one nothing evil you went through about
six packs of cigarettes during that
second half we got the win would have to
say for yourself how those lungs doing
well so far they're working I don't know
later but uh I'm kind of satisfied with
the game the team didn't play well at
all likely the changes a substitution
worked and
huh let's see what happens the next
games and you know kind of disappointed
but let's see what happens now you say
we didn't play well we did hit the post
three times I mean if those girls go in
we win you know for 151 something like
that what didn't you like about
Croatia's display today well it's didn't
play as a team like you could see that
gay the guys passing and you know
missing the passes or just running
around like they're like chicken without
head like just running around running
around and that's not how a blue team
plays so I don't know that's that's how
I'm disappointed why and that's the
reason huh thats that the pride of
peru's take on it he just flew in from
San Francisco the csr boys are going to
treat him out tonight are we partying
the next two nights especially that we
we got the three points I hope so I mean
it's all up to you and then he's let's
see what do you have prepared for me I'm
looking forward he definitely has
something and we have something in store
for him today evil be prepared all right
I'm going to thank you auntie here with
redondo thunders Nick Kovich Nick
Croatia just squeeze one through against
Georgia 21 had split what do you have to
say that's what she said